ext_authz: do the authentication even the direct response is set (#17546)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/version_history/current.rst

* access log: fix ``%UPSTREAM_CLUSTER%`` when used in http upstream access logs. Previously, it was always logging as an unset value.
* aws request signer: fix the AWS Request Signer extension to correctly normalize the path and query string to be signed according to AWS' guidelines, so that the hash on the server side matches. See `AWS SigV4 documentaion <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sigv4-create-canonical-request.html>`_.
* cluster: delete pools when they're idle to fix unbounded memory use when using PROXY protocol upstream with tcp_proxy. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.conn_pool_delete_when_idle`` runtime guard to false.

> * ext_authz: fixed skipping authentication when returning either a direct response or a redirect. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.http_ext_authz_do_not_skip_direct_response_and_redirect`` runtime guard to false.

Reviewer: I think this should also be mentioned in "incompatible behavior changes". This behavior has been present for at least a few years, and I know some people are relying on the old behavior.

Author: that make sense, I can move it.

> * ext_authz: the authentication shouldn't be skpped when the direct response is set. This was fixed. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.http_ext_authz_do_not_skip_direct_response_and_redirect`` runtime guard to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ext_authz: fixed skipping authentication when using returning either a direct response or a redirect. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.http_ext_authz_do_not_skip_direct_response_and_redirect`` runtime guard to false.
```

Author: thanks!

> * ext_authz: fixed skipping authentication when using returning either a direct response or a redirect. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.http_ext_authz_do_not_skip_direct_response_and_redirect`` runtime guard to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ext_authz: fixed skipping authentication when returning either a direct response or a redirect. This behavior can be temporarily reverted by setting the ``envoy.reloadable_features.http_ext_authz_do_not_skip_direct_response_and_redirect`` runtime guard to false.
```

Author: thanks, done
